# Verify Signature

After signing a `challenge`, you will get some signed data includes credential info, `challenge`, `message` and `signature`. You can verify the signature by using the credential info and the message.

::callout{type="info"}

#summary
`challenge` vs. `message`

#content
You may have noticed that in JoyID developers have been signing `challenge` instead of signing `message`. Because `challenge` and `message` are two different concepts, in short:

`challenge` is what you as a developer want JoyID to sign.

`message` is what JoyID actually signs.

If a crendential's `keyType` is `main_session_key` or `sub_session_key`, the `challenge` is what JoyID actually signs.

Otherwise, the `message` is a combination of `challenge` and some other data (such as authenticator data, etc.), and `challenge` will be always included in `message`. For more information, you can check out the [WebAuthn Spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/webauthn-2/#sctn-op-get-assertion).

::

The process of verifying a signature has three steps:

1. Verify the credential that has ownership of the corresponding CKB Address.
2. Verify the message that contains the challenge that you requested to sign.
3. Verify the signature that is signed by the credential.

For the first step, you can use the [`verifyCredential`](/api/core/verify-credential) function to verify the credential. for the rest two steps, JoyID SDK provides a function [`verifySignature`](/api/core/verify-signature): 

```js
import { signWithPopup, verifySignature } from '@joyid/core'

const { error, data } = await signWithPopup(request)
if (error == null) {
  const result = await verifySignature(data)
  alert(result) // true or false
}
```

## Try it out

::code-group
  ::code-block{label="React" React}
    :sandbox{src="https://stackblitz.com/edit/react-joyid-verify-signature?embed=1&file=App.tsx&view=preview"}
  ::

  ::code-block{label="Vue" Vue}
    :sandbox{src="https://stackblitz.com/edit/vue-joyid-verify-signature?embed=1&file=App.vue&view=preview"}
  ::
::
